# kaeuoi.github.io
Kaeuoi Community website. More information at: https://africahead.github.io/Tokens/Kaeuoi.html. |||||| Objective for Kaeuoi:
Kaeuoi can be compared to a labour union, representing the opposite than usual. Thus, instead of having the labour theory of capital as a root of its existence, Kaeuoi has Intequity (Capital of ideas) as a root, combining it with labour. The purpose is for Internet users, to group together against exploitation on the Internet. Lately the news showed clearly, Internet users are exploited, especially by social media websites. Imparting of ideas and personal information is worth a lot, making vast amounts of money from it, with advertising, e.g. 
Kaeuoi Community will be, ones could say, a migrant community on the Internet, to "greener pastures", if they are not sufficiently respected by the-exploiting. The Kaeuoi Community will use their group power to negotiate better circumstances for the group on the Internet. An example of how group power can be used, is, diverting advertising income to Kaeuoi Community members. If website owners and managers will not be willing to share advertising income with Internet users, the Kaeuoi Community can migrate to other websites, where they are considered more. |||||| Becoming a Member: Owning Kaeuoi (KAE) tokens will prove membership. The financial benefits when it realize, will be distributed to KAE token holders. Group communication will happen at the Kaeuoi group on the Cent.co social media site. Direct Message @mdpienaar at Cent.co to be added to the Kaeuoi group. Members are needed on all social media websites to build the Kaeuoi Community. The larger the Kaeuoi Community is, the more power management will have to negotiate benefits for KAE token holders.

